ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
labels: bug
about: Create a report to help us improve

---

<!--
  Have you read our Code of Conduct?
  By filing an issue or pull request, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect:
  https://github.com/FreeProving/guidelines/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
-->

### Description

<!-- A brief description of the issue. -->

### Steps to Reproduce

1. <!-- First Step -->
2. <!-- Second Step -->
3. <!-- and so on… -->

#### Expected behavior

<!-- What did you expect to happen from the steps above and why? -->

#### Actual behavior

<!-- What actually happens if you follows the steps above? -->

### Versions

<!--
  Please include the exact version of the Free Compiler you are using.
  You can get this information from copy and pasting the output of `freec --version` from the command line.
  Also, please include the versions of GHC, Cabal and Coq as well as the name and version of the operating system (OS) you are running.
-->

 - Git commit: <!-- Copy and paste the output of `git rev-parse HEAD`. -->
 - `ghc --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - `cabal --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - `coqc --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - OS: <!-- Name and version of your operating system. -->

### Known workarounds

<!--
  Have you found a way to work around the problem?
  This knowledge may help us to identify and fix the bug or others who have the same problem to avoid it until there is a fix.
-->

### Additional Information

<!-- Any additional information, configuration or data that might be necessary to reproduce the issue. -->

Commit message:

Ask for Git commit hash in bug report template

ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
labels: bug
about: Create a report to help us improve

---

<!--
  Have you read our Code of Conduct?
  By filing an issue or pull request, you are expected to comply with it, including treating everyone with respect:
  https://github.com/FreeProving/guidelines/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
-->

### Description

<!-- A brief description of the issue. -->

### Steps to Reproduce

1. <!-- First Step -->
2. <!-- Second Step -->
3. <!-- and so on… -->

#### Expected behavior

<!-- What did you expect to happen from the steps above and why? -->

#### Actual behavior

<!-- What actually happens if you follows the steps above? -->

### Versions

<!--
  Please include the hash of the Git commit of this repository you are using.
  You can get this information from running `git rev-parse HEAD` on the command line.
  Also, please include the versions of GHC, Cabal and Coq as well as the name and version of the operating system (OS) you are running.
-->

 - Git commit: <!-- Copy and paste the output of `git rev-parse HEAD`. -->
 - `ghc --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - `cabal --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - `coqc --version`: <!-- Copy and pate the version only. -->
 - OS: <!-- Name and version of your operating system. -->

### Known workarounds

<!--
  Have you found a way to work around the problem?
  This knowledge may help us to identify and fix the bug or others who have the same problem to avoid it until there is a fix.
-->

### Additional Information

<!-- Any additional information, configuration or data that might be necessary to reproduce the issue. -->
